Ant Plugin
Adds Apache Ant support to Jenkins
	1.11		
	
Apache HttpComponents Client 4.x API Plugin
Bundles Apache HttpComponents Client 4.x and allows it to be used by Jenkins plugins.
This plugin is up for adoption! We are looking for new maintainers. Visit our Adopt a Plugin initiative for more information.
	4.5.13-1.0	
	
	
Artifactory Plugin
This plugin allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts and resolve dependencies to and from Artifactory, and then have them linked to the build job that created them. The plugin includes a vast collection of features, including a rich pipeline API library and release management for Maven and Gradle builds with Staging and Promotion.
	3.10.5		
	
Bootstrap 4 API
Provides Bootstrap 4 for Jenkins plugins.
	4.6.0-1		
	
bouncycastle API
This plugin provides an stable API to Bouncy Castle related tasks.
	2.18		
	
Branch API Plugin
This plugin provides an API for multiple branch based projects.
	2.6.3	
	
	
Build Name and Description Setter
This plug-in sets the display name and description of a build to something other than #1, #2, #3, ...
Now also with support for build description and pipeline approach.
	2.1.0		
	
Build Timeout
This plugin allows builds to be automatically terminated after the specified amount of time has elapsed.
This plugin is up for adoption! We are looking for new maintainers. Visit our Adopt a Plugin initiative for more information.
	1.20		
	
Build With Parameters
Allows the user to provide parameters for a build in the url (similar to /job/JOBNAME/buildWithParameters), prompting for confirmation before triggering the job.
	1.5		
	
Checks API
This plugin defines an API for Jenkins to publish checks to SCM platforms.
	1.5.0		
	
Command Agent Launcher Plugin
Allows agents to be launched using a specified command.
	1.5	
	
	
Config File Provider Plugin
Ability to provide configuration files (e.g. settings.xml for maven, XML, groovy, custom files,...) loaded through the UI which will be copied to the job workspace.
This plugin is up for adoption! We are looking for new maintainers. Visit our Adopt a Plugin initiative for more information.
	3.7.0		
	
Credentials Binding Plugin
Allows credentials to be bound to environment variables for use from miscellaneous build steps.
	1.24	
	
	
Credentials Plugin
This plugin allows you to store credentials in Jenkins.
	2.3.15	
	
	
Dashboard View
Customizable dashboard that can present various views of job information.
	2.15		
	
Discord Notifier
Discord Notifier allows you to send Discord embeds about your builds via Discord's webhooks.
	1.4.14		
	
Display URL API
Provides the DisplayURLProvider extension point to provide alternate URLs for use in notifications
	2.3.4	
	
	
DTKit 2 API.
This plugin exposes the DTKit 2 APIs to other Jenkins plugins.
	3.0.0	
	
	
Durable Task Plugin
Library offering an extension point for processes which can run outside of Jenkins yet be monitored.
	1.35	
	
	
ECharts API
Provides ECharts for Jenkins plugins.
	4.9.0-3	
	
	
Email Extension
This plugin is a replacement for Jenkins's email publisher. It allows to configure every aspect of email notifications: when an email is sent, who should receive it and what the email says
	2.81	
	
	
Environment Script Plugin
Allows a script to be executed before a build, printing environment variables to be set.
	1.2.5		
	
External Monitor Job Type Plugin
Adds the ability to monitor the result of externally executed jobs
	1.7		
	
Folders Plugin
This plugin allows users to create "folders" to organize jobs. Users can define custom taxonomies (like by project type, organization type etc). Folders are nestable and you can define views within folders. Maintained by CloudBees, Inc.
	6.15	
	
	
Font Awesome API
Provides the free fonts of Font Awesome for Jenkins plugins.
	5.15.2-1		
	
Generic Webhook Trigger Plugin
Can receive any HTTP request, extract any values from JSON or XML and trigger a job with those values available as variables. Works with GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, Jira and many more.
	1.72		
	
Git
This plugin integrates Git with Jenkins.
	4.6.0	
	
	
Git client
Utility plugin for Git support in Jenkins
	3.6.0	
	
	
Git Parameter Plug-In
Adds ability to choose branches, tags or revisions from git repositories configured in project.
	0.9.13		
	
GIT server Plugin
Allows Jenkins to act as a Git server.
	1.9		
	
GitHub API
This plugin provides GitHub API for other plugins.
	1.115		
	
GitHub Branch Source
Multibranch projects and organization folders from GitHub. Maintained by CloudBees, Inc.
	2.8.3		
	
GitHub plugin
This plugin integrates GitHub to Jenkins.
	1.33.1	
	
	
Gradle Plugin
This plugin allows Jenkins to invoke Gradle build scripts directly.
	1.36		
	
Ivy Plugin
This plugin allows Jenkins to automatically configure project dependencies using the Ivy dependency management system.
	2.1		
	
Jackson 2 API Plugin
This plugin exposes the Jackson 2 JSON APIs to other Jenkins plugins.
	2.12.1	
	
	
Javadoc Plugin
	1.6		
	
JavaScript GUI Lib: ACE Editor bundle plugin
JavaScript GUI Lib: ACE Editor bundle plugin.
	1.1		
	
JavaScript GUI Lib: Handlebars bundle plugin
JavaScript GUI Lib: Handlebars bundle plugin.
	1.1.1		
	
JavaScript GUI Lib: jQuery bundles (jQuery and jQuery UI) plugin
JavaScript GUI Lib: jQuery bundles (jQuery and jQuery UI) plugin.
	1.2.1		
	
JavaScript GUI Lib: Moment.js bundle plugin
JavaScript GUI Lib: Moment.js bundle plugin.
	1.1.1		
	
JIRA Pipeline Steps
JIRA Pipeline Steps
	1.6.0		
	
Jira plugin
This plugin integrates Jenkins to Atlassian Jira.
	3.2		
	
jQuery plugin
This plugin provides an stable version of jQuery Javascript Library
	1.12.4-1		
	
JQuery3 API
Provides jQuery 3.x for Jenkins plugins.
	3.5.1-2	
	
	
JSch dependency plugin
Jenkins plugin that brings the JSch library as a plugin dependency, and provides an SSHAuthenticatorFactory for using JSch with the ssh-credentials plugin.
	0.1.55.2		
	
JUnit
Allows JUnit-format test results to be published.
	1.48	
	
	
LDAP
Adds LDAP authentication to Jenkins
	2.3		
	
Lockable Resources plugin
This plugin allows to define external resources (such as printers, phones, computers) that can be locked by builds. If a build requires an external resource which is already locked, it will wait for the resource to be free.
	2.10	
	
	
Mailer
This plugin allows you to configure email notifications for build results
	1.32.1		
	
Matrix Authorization Strategy Plugin
Offers matrix-based security authorization strategies (global and per-project).
	2.6.6	
	
	
Matrix Project Plugin
Multi-configuration (matrix) project type.
	1.18		
	
Maven Integration plugin
This plug-in provides, for better and for worse, a deep integration of Jenkins and Maven: Automatic triggers between projects depending on SNAPSHOTs, automated configuration of various Jenkins publishers (Junit, ...).
	3.10		
	
Multi-Branch Project Plugin (DEPRECATED)
This plugin is deprecated. Please move to the Multibranch Pipeline job type.

Important: Read the upgrade notes before proceeding with any upgrade! Migration from versions prior to 0.5.x are not supported.
This plugin is deprecated. In general, this means that it is either obsolete, no longer being developed, or may no longer work. Learn more.
	0.7		
	
NUnit plugin
This plugin transforms NUnit test reports so they can be recorded by Jenkins' JUnit features.
	0.27		
	
OkHttp Plugin
This plugin provides OkHttp for other plugins.
	3.14.9		
	
Oracle Java SE Development Kit Installer
Allows the Oracle Java SE Development Kit (JDK) to be installed via download from Oracle's website.
	1.4		
	
OWASP Markup Formatter Plugin
Uses the OWASP Java HTML Sanitizer to allow safe-seeming HTML markup to be entered in project descriptions and the like.
	2.1		
	
PAM Authentication plugin
Adds Unix Pluggable Authentication Module (PAM) support to Jenkins
	1.6		
	
Pipeline
A suite of plugins that lets you orchestrate automation, simple or complex. See Pipeline as Code with Jenkins for more details.
	2.6		
	
Pipeline Graph Analysis Plugin
Provides a REST API to access pipeline and pipeline run data.
	1.10		
	
Pipeline: API
Plugin that defines Pipeline API.
	2.41	
	
	
Pipeline: Basic Steps
Commonly used steps for Pipelines.
	2.20		
	
Pipeline: Build Step
Adds the Pipeline step build to trigger builds of other jobs.
	2.12		
	
Pipeline: Declarative
An opinionated, declarative Pipeline.
	1.7.1		
	
Pipeline: Declarative Extension Points API
APIs for extension points used in Declarative Pipelines.
	1.7.1		
	
Pipeline: GitHub Groovy Libraries
Allows Pipeline Grrovy libraries to be loaded on the fly from GitHub.
	1.0		
	
Pipeline: Groovy
Pipeline execution engine based on continuation passing style transformation of Groovy scripts.
	2.90	
	
	
Pipeline: Input Step
Adds the Pipeline step input to wait for human input or approval.
	2.11		
	
Pipeline: Job
Defines a new job type for pipelines and provides their generic user interface.
	2.40	
	
	
Pipeline: Milestone Step
Plugin that provides the milestone step
	1.3.1		
	
Pipeline: Model API
Model API for Declarative Pipeline.
	1.7.1		
	
Pipeline: Multibranch
Enhances Pipeline plugin to handle branches better by automatically grouping builds from different branches.
	2.21		
	
Pipeline: Nodes and Processes
Pipeline steps locking agents and workspaces, and running external processes that may survive a Jenkins restart or slave reconnection.
	2.35		
	
Pipeline: REST API
Provides a REST API to access pipeline and pipeline run data.
	2.13		
	
Pipeline: SCM Step
Adds a Pipeline step to check out or update working sources from various SCMs (version control).
	2.11		
	
Pipeline: Shared Groovy Libraries
Shared libraries for Pipeline scripts.
	2.18	
	
	
Pipeline: Stage Step
Adds the Pipeline step stage to delineate portions of a build.
	2.5		
	
Pipeline: Stage Tags Metadata
Library plugin for Pipeline stage tag metadata.
	1.7.1		
	
Pipeline: Stage View
Pipeline Stage View Plugin.
	2.13		
	
Pipeline: Step API
API for asynchronous build step primitive.
	2.23	
	
	
Pipeline: Supporting APIs
Common utility implementations to build Pipeline Plugin
	3.8	
	
	
Plain Credentials Plugin
Allows use of plain strings and files as credentials.
	1.7		
	
Plugin Utilities API
Provides several utility classes that can be used to accelerate plugin development.
	1.7.1	
	
	
Popper.js API
Provides Popper.js for Jenkins plugins.
	1.16.1-1		
	
PostBuildScript Plugin
A plugin for the Jenkins CI to run several configurable actions after a build, depending on the build result.
	2.11.0		
	
PowerShell plugin
This plugin allows Jenkins to invoke PowerShell as build scripts. It uses PowerShell.exe on Windows and pwsh on Linux.
	1.4		
	
Rake plugin
The Rake plugin allows to execute rake task from Jenkins.
	1.8.0		
	
Resource Disposer
Dispose resources asynchronously. Utility plugin for resources that require more retries or take a long time to delete.
	0.14		
	
ruby-runtime
Hosts runtime for enabling pure-Ruby plugins
This plugin is up for adoption! We are looking for new maintainers. Visit our Adopt a Plugin initiative for more information.
	0.12		
	
RubyMetrics plugin for Jenkins
This plugin integrates a bunch of ruby coverage tools (Rcov, Saikuro, Rails stats...) to Jenkins. Currently it just supports Rcov reports.
	1.6.5		
	
Run Condition Plugin
Define conditions for the execution of build steps
This plugin is up for adoption! We are looking for new maintainers. Visit our Adopt a Plugin initiative for more information.
	1.5		
	
Rvm
Run Jenkins builds in RVM
	0.6		
	
SCM API Plugin
This plugin provides a new enhanced API for interacting with SCM systems.
	2.6.4	
	
	
Script Security Plugin
Allows Jenkins administrators to control what in-process scripts can be run by less-privileged users.
	1.76	
	
	
Simple Theme Plugin
This plugin allows to customize Jenkin's appearance with custom CSS and JavaScript. It also allows to replace the Favicon.
	0.6		
	
Slack Notification
Integrates Jenkins with Slack, allows publishing build statuses, messages and files to Slack channels.
	2.45		
	
Snakeyaml API Plugin
This plugin provides Snakeyaml for other plugins.
	1.27.0	
	
	
SSH Build Agents
Allows to launch agents over SSH, using a Java implementation of the SSH protocol.
	1.31.2		
	
SSH Credentials
Allows storage of SSH credentials in Jenkins
	1.18.1		
	
SSH server
Adds SSH server functionality to Jenkins, exposing CLI commands through it
	3.0.3		
	
Structs
Library plugin for DSL plugins that need names for Jenkins objects.
	1.20		
	
Timestamper
Adds timestamps to the Console Output
	1.12	
	
	
Token Macro Plugin
This plug-in adds reusable macro expansion capability for other plug-ins to use.
	2.15	
	
	
Trilead API Plugin
Trilead API Plugin provides the Trilead library to any dependent plugins in an easily update-able manner.
	1.0.13	
	
	
Unity3d plugin
This plugin can run Unity 3d Editor builds.
	1.3		
	
WMI Windows Agents
Allows you to setup agents on Windows machines over Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI)
This plugin is up for adoption! We are looking for new maintainers. Visit our Adopt a Plugin initiative for more information.
	1.6		
	
Workspace Cleanup
This plugin deletes the project workspace when invoked.
	0.38		
	
xUnit